README.md, before:

# _EPICODUS INDEPENDENT STUDENT PROJECT | Ruby Behavior-Driven Development with Ruby BDD and Sinatra_

#### _Word Count, 07.01.2016_

#### By _**Maldon Meehan, Epicodus**_

## Description

_Week One Final Project: This is an Epicodus student project to create a webpage that uses a method to return how frequently a word appears in a given string. The user should be able to input both the word and the string of words to check._

## Specifications
| Behaviors        | Inout          | Output  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| takes an inputed word and string and converts it to all caps | word: "Cat" String: "The cat is fat" | "CAT" "THE CAT IS FAT"|
| allows a user to enter a word and a string and checks the number of times the inputed word appears. | word: "peck" String: "If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?" | 2 |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Open a web browser_
* _Visit <a href="#">Website address</a>_
* _Enter a number and enjoy!_

## Known Bugs

* _Currently no none bugs_

## Support and contact details

_If you run into any issues or have questions, ideas, or concerns, please feel free to contact Maldon on Github._

## Technologies Used

* _Ruby_
* _Sinatra_
* _HTML_
* _Heroku_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap (bootstrap.min.css)_
* _Atom_
* _Terminal_
* _Git_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Maldon Meehan, Epicodus_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

counts how many time a word appears in a string passing test

README.md, after:

# _EPICODUS INDEPENDENT STUDENT PROJECT | Ruby Behavior-Driven Development with Ruby BDD and Sinatra_

#### _Word Count, 07.01.2016_

#### By _**Maldon Meehan, Epicodus**_

## Description

_Week One Final Project: This is an Epicodus student project to create a webpage that uses a method to return how frequently a word appears in a given string. The user should be able to input both the word and the string of words to check._

## Specifications
| Behaviors        | Inout          | Output  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| takes an inputed letter and inputed string and counts how many times the inputed letter appears in the inputed sting. | letter: "a" String: "abc" | "1"|
| takes an inputed word and inputed string and counts how many times the inputed word appears in the inputed sting. | word: "hello" String: "hello world" | "1"|


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Open a web browser_
* _Visit <a href="#">Website address</a>_
* _Enter a number and enjoy!_

## Known Bugs

* _Currently no none bugs_

## Support and contact details

_If you run into any issues or have questions, ideas, or concerns, please feel free to contact Maldon on Github._

## Technologies Used

* _Ruby_
* _Sinatra_
* _HTML_
* _Heroku_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap (bootstrap.min.css)_
* _Atom_
* _Terminal_
* _Git_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Maldon Meehan, Epicodus_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
